W-18005669-EnterpriseLicense-46-dm (#2981)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/installing-an-enterprise-license.adoc

Make sure that the Mule Server is *stopped* and then open the terminal or command line on your system.

* To verify that Mule successfully installed your Enterprise license, run the following command:
+
`mule -verifyLicense`
+

> The command outputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command output shows:
```

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
License information Evaluation = false, Expiration Date = Tue May 19 00:00:00 UTC 2025, Contact Name = John Doe, Contact Email Address = john.doe@company.com, Contact Telephone = 00000000, Contact Company = Local Global Ltd, Contact Country = US, Entitlements = clustering,api-gateway
----

* To uninstall a previously installed license, run the following command:
+
`mule -unInstallLicense`
+
Sometimes the license installation fails and it might be necessary to manually delete `$MULE_HOME/conf/muleLicenseKey.lic`.

* To verify the license before installing it, run the following command:
+
`mule -verifyLicenseDetails [path_to_license]`
+

> The command outputs the same information as in `mule -verifyLicense`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command output shows the same information as in `mule -verifyLicense`.
```
